So in this section, we will take a close look at
several ways to describe the robustness of keypoint detectors.
Imagine, you're detecting some key points on my coffee cup here.
Another cup rotates, and you still want to locate and match the key points, for example,
the light host corners,
after rotation to the ones before the rotation.
Now, if your detector is rotation invariant,
it will be able to do this.
Now, I mention the cup moving away from the camera,
and the key points are getting smaller and smaller,
and this means they are subject to a scale change.
Also, another thing that could happen would be a change in scene illumination.
If I block out the light,
areas get darker, and we have a change in intensity.
Lastly, imagine a perspective transformation that could
change the shape of the key points on the image plane.
Now, a perfect detector would be able to
compensate for all those effects, and in the following,
we will take a close look at them,
including a way to automatically select the best scale level,
that means the size for a key point.
Lastly, I will give you an overview of traditional and contemporary key point detectors.
Oh, and there will be a coding task for you to complete at the end of this section.
So go ahead and we'll meet again at the bottom of this page.